*Please note that the codes in Supporting_Codes/ need to be successfully executed before the codes below can be run.*

LE_PC_DMTL.ipynb		- 		This is the code for the architecture proposed in Section 3.1. A deep multi-task learning neural network that uses parallely connected components - a CNN/LSTM, fully connected layers, and a feature vector derived from linguistic lexicons and pre-trained activations of a network trained for Emoji detection (deepMoji). So, a Lexicon and Emoji detection based, Parallely Connected Deep Multi-Task Learning neural network. This architecture handles all the four (can be extended to n) emotions together in a single architecture (as opposed to the architecture in ../LE_PC_DNN/LE_PC_DNN_complete.ipynb). Details can be found in the paper.

LE_PC_DMTL_EI.ipynb	- 		This is the code for the architecture proposed in Section 3.2. A deep multi-task learning neural network that uses parallely connected components - a CNN/LSTM, fully connected layers, and a feature vector derived from linguistic lexicons and pre-trained activations of a network trained for Emoji detection (deepMoji). So, a Lexicon and Emoji detection based, Parallely Connected Deep Multi-Task Learning neural network, optimized specifically for the task of Emotion Intensity detection. This architecture handles all the four (can be extended to n) emotions together in a single architecture (as opposed to the architecture in ../LE_PC_DNN/LE_PC_DNN_complete.ipynb). The network branches differently to explot the different pairwise correlations between the different emotions, in a way that optimizes performance for our task. Details can be found in the paper.